you
so far the Marvel Cinematic Universe has
been broken up into phases phase one was
the creation of the Avengers phase 2 has
been the aftermath and some further
world building and will culminate with
the Avengers 2 age of Ultron and phase 3
will likely end with the Avengers 3
infinity yes I'm calling it now the
third Avengers movie will be subtitled
infinity or at least have the word
infinity in the title somewhere anyway
we're all pretty sure or at least I
think I am about how phase 2 will turn
out Captain America the Winter Soldier
will introduce the concept of Ultron if
not the character which will probably be
a shield initiative since Joss Whedon
has stated that Hank Pym will not be the
creator of the psychotic Android so it's
either going to be a shield program gone
horribly wrong or creation of Tony's
gone wrong but I'm not sure that Weeden
is going to basically make Avengers 2
that centered on Tony Stark so I'm
sticking with the shield theory for now
anyway guardians of the galaxy will then
play more toward the introduction of
Thanos that big purple guy from the
mid-credits scene in The Avengers it
will also look we find one or two more
of the infinity gems which are being
called Infinity stones in the Cinematic
Universe these stones play a huge part
in the Thanos storyline then we have age
of Ultron which aside from having a
psychotic killer robot as the main
villain is a lot cooler than he sounds
trust me we'll also include the
characters of Wanda and Pietro Maximoff
also known as the Scarlet Witch and
Quicksilver there's been a lot of drama
that these two being used by Marvel
because they're technically mutants and
the children of x-men villain magneto so
they should be within the x-men
franchise which is owned by fox but
that's a whole other can of worms and
I'm not going to try and explain that
here these two characters have the
potential to be very interesting
additions and I have a feeling that the
Scarlet Witch is going to play a massive
part in the future of the Marvel
Cinematic Universe but more on that
later if Ultron ends up being a shield
initiative there will likely be some
disruption between shield and the
Avengers like a total split between the
two groups the amount of destruction
that Ultron can cause will also leave
the Avengers in pretty rough state with
at least one of their founding members
being killed it is Joss Whedon after all
so they probably wouldn't be in the best
of shape once the house comes knocking
in Avengers 3 just two
months after the Avengers 2 comes out we
enter phase 3 with the introduction of
ant-man a character far more interesting
than his name may lead you to believe
but there hasn't been a whole lot of
other news about who else will pop up in
phase 3 well my first prediction is the
Doctor Strange will find his way onto
the silver screen likely with the
Scarlet Witch playing a supporting role
in the movie it will introduce magic to
the Marvel Cinematic Universe and allow
for some character development with the
Scarlet Witch away from her
overprotective brother phase three will
also likely see another Thor or Captain
America movie my guess would be Thor
since he sort of deals in the cosmic
side of things which is where Thanos
would be coming from phase 3 would also
have a heavy focus on those Infinity
stones my guess is that the color is
traditionally used to represent the
infinity gems in the comics likely won't
be used here but all six stones will
likely be included those six represent
soul time space mind reality and power
if you have all six you can pretty much
do anything you want which is why Thanos
wants them see he's literally in love
with the marvel universe version of the
Grim Reaper and basically wants to kill
the entire universe so the she'll love
him back he's got some issues but don't
we all so by the time Avengers 3 rolls
around we would have five of the six
stones accounted for except for the
reality stone Thanos comes to earth and
all hell breaks loose as he tries to
find that last stone and the Avengers
try to stop him obviously but where is
the stone that would be on earth but
where is it well I think it's
intrinsically linked with the Scarlet
Witch the reality stone gives you the
power to alter reality even if it
conflicts with the laws of science and
that basically explains the scarlet
witch's powers so thin ohs would end up
causing some serious physical and mental
damage to her in the process of getting
the stone is the stone inside her is she
simply a conduit for it who knows but I
see this type of thing happening of
course Thanos would be beaten with
probably even more Avengers being killed
off in the process my guess is that the
only original Avengers left alive at the
end of the third film will be Captain
America and Iron Man now phase 4 is some
tricky territory because we really have
no idea where Marvel could
Oh throughout phase four we would see
the Scarlet Witch trying to deal with
the trauma she went through during the
Thanos attack and mostly being ignored
by her fellow Avengers why they're very
busy fighting a public backlash the
public believing nathanael never have
come to earth had the Avengers not drawn
his attention Tony thinks that the
Avengers and shield should become
partners once again making them publicly
accountable and essentially turning the
Avengers into a government agency while
Captain America wholeheartedly disagrees
and believes that the Avengers need
their autonomy he's seen how corrupt the
government can be and he wants nothing
to do with it this major plot thread
would run throughout the phase four
movies a little bit at a time and this
would also be when the third Captain
America movie would take place which
would really highlight the schism
between the captain and Tony it would
also come to a head when the Avengers
team is literally split in half and at
war with each other Scarlet Witch
suffers a complete mental breakdown from
the combo of her already existing stress
and the new stress piled on by this war
between her friends the breakdown causes
her to inflict harm on both sides of the
Avenger civil war killing some and
eventually causing the team to unite
against her they would then voluntarily
disband under the reasoning that the
Avengers may have possibly caused more
harm than good now this is just my phase
4 theory it would draw heavily from
three existing Marvel storylines those
being civil war Avengers disassembled
with a hint of House of M mixed in there
although that could never really be
fully fleshed out because the Marvel
characters are split up between so many
different film studios but the spirit of
that story would be present in the end
the Scarlet Witch wouldn't die but would
fade away no one would know where she is
no one would be able to find her but she
would be alive somewhere so what about
phase 5 well faced by the so far off in
the future that I'd be flying blind to
make any kind of predictions for it but
if they follow through with the ideas
that I've outlined in this video I think
it would be great to introduce the young
avengers and culminate it with the
Children's Crusade storyline but who
knows this is probably all just wishful
thinking on my part so what do you guys
think of these predictions do you have
any marble storylines that you would
love to see come to life in the Marvel
Cinematic Universe and if you have any
suggestions for future videos let me
know in the comments below